hey how's it going dave2d here so the
oneplus nord
and the oneplus buds were just announced
these are two more value-focused
products from oneplus where they try to
deliver really good performance
for a reasonable price now before we get
into pricing and all the details of
these things
the thing i needed to know right when i
got this package was not what the phone
would look like
even though it's a little bit different
from the renders it was important but
even more important was the color of the
charging cable
i was so convinced that they would
deliver a blue charging cable because
all the marketing material on oneplus
nord
was blue and it comes in like this a red
one
this won't do we gotta fix this
that's right that's the way it should be
okay oneplus nord
comes in two colors this one here is
blue marble
uh it's this bright blue it's
unfortunately not called dave 2d teal
it's not even teal anyways
it's definitely bluer than teal but it's
a pretty nice color
it does have a gloss finish though we've
been treated some really nice
satin finished oneplus phones over the
past little bit
like the oneplus 8 and the oneplus 8 pro
these have that
kind of textured glass material this is
smooth
glass it's a little bit more reflective
and fingerprints and smudges will show
more readily on this material versus the
satin finish phones but it's a nice
color and the other variant
the gray onyx version is the same kind
of finish also
a smooth glass back in europe it starts
at 399 depending on the region that
you're picking it up in
you have to look up the pricing but this
feels like a
appropriately priced phone with eight
gigs of ram at the bottom end 128 gigs
of storage
it's well equipped to have a really fast
and smooth phone experience
the display panel is a 90hz amoled panel
it's hard to portray in videos so it's
something you just have to experience
but for some people that are sensitive
to it and appreciate it it is
a more fluid visual experience the
processor in here snapdragon 765g
it's 5g capable if that matters to you
and it feels weirdly fast like
snapdragon 700 series chips are never
particularly performance focused not
that this one is like the fastest thing
out there but it definitely feels
like it keeps up with 800 series phones
like if you put this beside
the oneplus 8 pro you can tell that the
8 pro is the faster one
for sure but this keeps up it just feels
fast
now the difference between this chip and
something like the snapdragon 865
is primarily going to be when you're
playing 3d games or basically
graphically intense
applications which means you probably
won't care that much considering the
price point
now i noticed in the box it included a
case
uh this is just like a plain rubber
i think it's rubber case that fits on
the back of it but one thing i noticed
is that the usb-c port has this plug
that you can just close up the port with
but the oneplus nord itself is not
officially
water resistant so it's nice that they
include a case with this
usbc plug to keep that water out okay
the speaker notice how i use the
singular of that word
not speakers but speaker it's a mono
speaker
on the bottom and it's loud but man it
is so noticeable to come from
stereo speakers back to a mono speaker
phone it's just
weird but that's what you get 400 bucks
the in-display fingerprint sensor is
pretty fast and it's got your alert
slider on the side which is very
classically one plus
i was worried that they would remove
this because some of the earlier renders
didn't have it but
it's here alert slider on the oneplus
nord you also get
fast 30 watt warp charging with this
awesome teal cable that they don't
include
and up front there's two focal lengths
for the selfie cam a wide
and a regular all right let's talk about
the camera so this is a triple camera
system
well it's four lenses but the fourth one
is a depth sensor
now the main sensor uses the same
hardware as the oneplus 8
so i'd expect good photos nothing
amazing
but again considering the price on this
thing i'm happy with it
i'm actually surprised that they were
using this sensor like i feel like
at this price point they had to lower it
like if you consider the difference
between these phones now
like the oneplus 8 and the oneplus nord
especially because those camera systems
are so similar it's tough
right i think for a purchase decision
the oneplus nord looks
really attractive but i'll be doing a
proper examination of camera system
in my full review of this phone but the
overall take of this phone like an early
impression of it is that it's
really good like it feels nice in your
hand doesn't have the curved edges on
the glass
good weight good size big battery 40 100
milliamp hours a little bit bigger than
that
it's just it's a solid phone for the
money now i want to move off
this phone to what i feel like is the
more interesting conversation to be had
the cable no let's talk about the
oneplus buds
when i looked at these two products the
first one that came to mind was
like i want to do a in-depth kind of
analysis of these things and then i
was thinking of bringing like all the
earbuds that i have but the moment you
open these you'll realize that there's
only
one product out there that oneplus was
trying to
outdo there's only one competitor one
real competitor
to the oneplus buds it's this
160 dollar air pods from apple
now this is also a very
basic wireless earbud like they both
don't have active noise cancellation
they both don't have
foam or rubber ear tips for like comfort
and fit they're just really simple
wireless
earbuds really basic and they both have
hard
tips like hard plastics for the tip now
this is something that is
very divisive some people love this type
of fit some people hate it right
it's like chocolate and vanilla
everyone's got a preference but
there's no rhyme or reason as to which
one you like some people like
hard tips some people don't if you're
someone who hates
hard tip ear buds because they don't fit
in your ear or you don't like the sound
of it
then you should just close off this
video and leave a thumbs up anyways on
your way out but for the people that do
like this
i'm one of them i'm one of the people
that enjoy hard tipped
earbuds you want to pay attention
because these i think are
very interesting products let's talk
about sound first
so i spent a stupid amount of time
trying to discern the differences
between the airpods and the oneplus buds
they
are very similar in terms of sound
quality now that them are particularly
amazing
they're both mediocre right now these
have great
audio but that's not the point here
we're going for convenience but they
sound very similar and this
is 80 this is 160
it's tough to do comparisons when one
product is half the price
of the other now with the apple air pods
these things are just extremely reliable
they're very convenient
and they're very easy to pair and stuff
like that but the reliability is what
really sticks out to me it doesn't drop
out it's just a rock solid connection
that anyone
can appreciate the one plus buds i've
only had these for a week and you know
two three charge cycles but it feels
solid no bluetooth dropouts really easy
to connect to a oneplus device and easy
to switch between devices even laptops
it just feels like a solid overall
product and really well worth
the 80 so my initial impression when i
saw this product was like
okay it's an inexpensive earbud doesn't
have wireless charging doesn't have all
the bells and whistles
the first thing i thought like the
knee-jerk reaction was this is a money
grab
this is oneplus taking some product off
of alibaba and like
rebranding it with a oneplus logo but
having used this for a little bit
i don't think so i legitimately think
that this is a solid
product i don't know how this will be
long term
right this is relatively early in the
product launch cycle
i don't know how the battery will last
that's another thing i want to get into
because like earpods these are 160 bucks
when these things are like 8 10 months
of regular use
you start to notice the decrease in
battery life
the oneplus buds support some form of
fast charging not like
you know warp charge pumping 30 watts
into this thing it's not that fast but
it is
fast enough that you can get 10 hours of
use
with just 10 minutes of charging it's
cool right it's very fast but what's
that gonna look like
down the line like if i fast charge this
thing every day for eight months
10 months 12 months a year from now what
is this battery life going to look like
i don't have the data for that i don't
think anybody does but in its current
state
i highly recommend it i think it's a
fantastic sounding
earbud it's just i don't know about
long-term use now in terms of the mic
quality they're also very similar i'll
just play some sound samples
let me explain to you as to why teal
is the best color on the planet simply
it's just
not red i have a hair dryer going on in
the background right now
so you should be able to tell the
difference in noise cancellation between
the two different mics
so you get seven hours of battery life
on a charge and when you're done with
the pods and they're
depleted you can stick it back into the
case it juices it back up and you get a
total of 30 hours if you have a fully
charged
uh oneplus but now i i plugged it up to
a regular usbc charger it takes about an
hour and a half to charge this thing
from
zero to full that's with everything
depleted right the
earbuds and the case being at zero an
hour and a half to juice it back up and
that gives you 30 hours
of use that's a lot of numbers a lot of
math going on but hope it's
clear but i like the one plus buds i
really do i just
i wish i had long-term data for this
video so that you guys could get a
uh like a better picture of the product
overall
now just some closing thoughts on
oneplus launch for today
the oneplus nord and the oneplus buds
are
they're kind of like middle of the road
products right mid-tier stuff not super
high-end not super expensive but one of
the
one of the comments that i often see
when it comes to people who dislike the
brand and it's totally fine to you know
not like oneplus
but one of the comments i often see is
this idea that you know oneplus has
mediocre products
with really good marketing especially
from youtubers and i get that i do feel
like they do their marketing
differently from like let's say samsung
but i will say
the one thing that oneplus does well and
it's present in both of these products
is their software it's clean like you
see the oneplus nord
very clean software just like all the
regular oneplus phones
but you can also see that like dna of
clean software
in this product this is a product that
is so easy to screw up it's so easy to
make these bad
wireless earpods they're everywhere
check amazon there's like 500 of them
ready to be sold to you
but they did it right they did it in a
manner that i feel like is
it's one plus they did they didn't
disappoint
so that's that's my early impression on
this stuff
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subs if you loved it
i'll see you guys next time